[Concept]: Add basic (#340)
exercism/crystal: concepts-wip/basics/about.md

# Basics

Crystal is a compiled, object-oriented programming language.
These are some of the language's goals:

- Ruby-inspired syntax.

- Statically type-checked but without having to specify the type of variables or method arguments.

- Be able to call C code by writing bindings to it in Crystal.

- Have compile-time evaluation and generation of code, to avoid boilerplate code.

- Compile to efficient native code.

> In 2011 did the work on crystal start with the goal of creating a language with the elegance and productivity of Ruby, but with the performance and type safety of a compiled language.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
The work on Crystal started in 2011 with the goal of creating a language with the elegance and productivity of Ruby, but with the performance and type safety of a compiled language.
```

Originally, the language compiler was written in Ruby, but in 2013, the compiler was rewritten in Crystal itself.
The language was developed and designed by Ary Borenszweig, Juan Wajnerman, Brian Cardif.

## Getting Started

### Variables

To declare a [variable][variables], you must use the `=` assignment operator.

> In crystal should variables be written in [snake_case][snake-case].

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
In Crystal variables should be written in [snake_case][snake-case].
```

> A variable can be declared and then redefine later.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
A variable can be declared and then redefined later.
```

```crystal
number = 1
puts number # => 1

number = 2
puts number # => 2
```

### Constants

> [Constants][constants] are declared using the same `=` assignment operator, but uses all uppercase letters or also known as SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
[Constants][constants] are declared using the same `=` assignment operator, but use all uppercase letters, also known as SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE.
```

The difference between constants and variables is that constants can't be redefined.

```crystal
NUMBER = 1
puts NUMBER # => 1
```

Assigning a value to a constant that is already defined will result in a compile-time error.

```crystal
NUMBER = 1

NUMBER = 2
```

```console
In test.cr:3:1

 3 | NUMBER = 2
     ^
Error: already initialized constant NUMBER
```

### Types

> Crystal is a compiled language, thereby will every variable or method argument be assigned a type at compile time.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
Crystal is a compiled language, which means that every variable or method argument is assigned a type at compile time.
```

The compiler is capable of inferring the type of a variable or method argument.

> Although some cases it is necessary to specify the type.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
Although in some cases it is necessary to specify the type.
```

The cases that requires a type to be set will be explained in later concepts.

### Methods

[Methods][methods] are a way to group together a set of instructions that can be reused.

> In crystal are methods often defined in a class, module or struct.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
In Crystal methods are often defined in a class, module or struct.
```

But methods can also be defined outside of a class, module or struct.
Methods are declared using the `def` keyword, followed by the name of the method.

> In crystal should methods be written in snake_case.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
In Crystal methods should be written in snake_case.
```

> When a method doesnt have any arguments, you can omit the parentheses.

Reviewer: Punctuation:
```suggestion
When a method doesn't have any arguments, you can omit the parentheses.
```

To declare the end of a method, you must use the `end` keyword.

```crystal
def hello
  puts "Hello World!"
end
```

Using a method that doesn't exist on the type of the variable or method argument will result in a compile-time error.

```crystal
number = 1
number + "1"
```

```console
In test.cr:2:7

 2 | number + "1"
           ^
Error: no overload matches 'Int32#+' with type String
```

### Arguments

Methods can have [arguments][arguments].
Arguments are data that is passed to a method.
To be able to give a method arguments, you must specify the name of the argument.

> In crystal should arguments be written in snake_case.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
In Crystal arguments should be written in snake_case.
```

A method can have multiple arguments, but the arguments must be separated by a comma.

```crystal
def hello(name)
  puts "Hello #{name}!"
end
```

Methods can also have multiple arguments.
In this case, the arguments must be separated by a comma.

```crystal
def hello(name, language)
  puts "Hello #{name}! You are learning #{language}."
end
```

### Calling Methods

When calling a method that belongs to a class, module or struct, you must use the dot operator(`.`).
Like following: `<ClassName>.<method_name>`.

> When the method doesnt belong to a class, module or struct, then you can simple call it by writing its name.

Reviewer: Punctuation:
```suggestion
When the method doesn't belong to a class, module or struct, then you can simple call it by writing its name.
```

> To call a method that has arguments, you simply write those arguments after the method call

Reviewer: Punctuation:
```suggestion
To call a method that has arguments, you simply write those arguments after the method call.
```

> When a method has arguments you may use brackets where the assignment of arguments, like following: `<method_name>(<argument_1>, <argument_2>)`.
> Although when not giving any arguments so should brackets be omitted.

Reviewer: Grammar and vocabulary:
```suggestion
When a method has arguments, you may use parentheses when specifying the arguments in the function call and definition, like following: `<method_name>(<argument_1>, <argument_2>)`.
When a method has no arguments, parentheses should be omitted. 
```

```crystal
def hello(name)
  "Hello #{name}!"
end

hello("Crystal")
# => Hello Crystal!
```

> When calling a method with multiple arguments, so should arguments separated by a comma.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
When calling a method with multiple arguments, the arguments should be separated by a comma.
```

The arguments must be given in the same order as the method arguments.

```crystal
def hello_language(name, language)
  puts "Hello #{name}! You are learning #{language}."
end

hello_language("World", "Crystal")
# => Hello World! You are learning Crystal.
```

Calling a method with the wrong number of arguments will result in a compile-time error.

```crystal
hello_language("Crystal")
```

```console
In test.cr:1:1

 1 | hello_language("Crystal")
     ^----
Error: wrong number of arguments for 'hello_language' (given 1, expected 2)
```

### Comments

> In crystal so are [comments][comments] written with the `#` character, followed by a space and then the comment.

Reviewer: Grammar:
```suggestion
In Crystal [comments][comments] are written with the `#` character, followed by a space and then the comment.
```
